Docs 7741 clean up deploying to cloudhub hn (#344)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc

:keywords: cloudhub, cloud, deploy, manage, runtime manager, arm

image:logo-cloud-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies#cloudhub", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies#hybrid", title="Hybrid"]
image:logo-server-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies#anypoint-platform-private-cloud-edition", title="Anypoint Platform PCE"]
image:logo-rtf-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies#anypoint-runtime-fabric", title="Runtime Fabric"]

You can deploy Mule applications to CloudHub using:

* xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#deploy-an-application-from-runtime-manager[Anypoint Runtime Manager]
* xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#deploy-an-application-from-studio[Anypoint Studio]
* xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#deploy-an-application-from-the-command-line[CloudHub CLI]

> * xref:design-center::promote-app-prod-env-design-center.adoc[Anypoint Design Center - Flow Designer]

Reviewer: Let's try to move away from the hyphen/dash treatment here. 
Suggest a rewording that uses a version from our product naming resource: Flow Designer, Anypoint Design Center's flow designer, the Flow Designer, the Flow Designer in Anypoint Design Center....

* https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/cloudhub-api/[CloudHub API]
* xref:mule-runtime::deploy-to-cloudhub.adoc[Mule Maven plugin]

You can also deploy an API proxy directly from API Manager to CloudHub.
See xref:api-manager::getting-started-proxy.adoc#configure_and_deploy_to_cloudhub[Configure a Proxy and Deploy to CloudHub].

> To be notified by email when there is an error during deployment, set up a *Deployment failed* alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be notified by email when an error occurs during deployment, set up a *Deployment failed* alert.
```

See xref:alerts-on-runtime-manager.adoc#create-an-alert[Create an Alert].

== Deploy an Application from Runtime Manager

To deploy from Runtime Manager to CloudHub:

. Sign in to Anypoint Platform.
. Select *Runtime Manager*.
. In the *Applications* page, click *Deploy application*.
+
You see the *Deploy Application* page:
+
.The screenshot shows (*1*) the *Application Name* field, (*2*) the *Choose file* menu, and (*3*) the *Deploy Application* button on the *Deploy Application* page.
image::cloudhub-deploy-app.png[Application Name field, Choose file menu, and the Deploy Application button]
. Provide a name for your application.
+
See <<Application Names>>.

> . In the *Deployment Target* menu, select *CloudHub*, if necessary.

Reviewer: What determines necessary/not necessary? Is *CloudHub* typically selected by default?

. Specify the application file:
+
--
** Import a file from Exchange:

.. Click *Choose file* > *Import file from Exchange*.
.. Select *Application* for the type.
.. Enter the name of your application in the search box.
.. Select the application to deploy, select a version from the *Version* menu, and then click *Select*.

** Upload an application archive (ZIP or JAR) file:

.. Select *Choose file* > *Upload file*.
.. Select the file to upload and then click *Open*.
+
The application file size limit is 200 MB.

> ** Copy an application from a non-production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Copy an application from a nonproduction environment.
```

+

> See <<Move an Application from Sandbox to Production>>.

Reviewer: Is this the right xref? Doesn't the step imply moving an application OUT of Production (nonproduction environment)?

Author: Yes from nonproduction (Sandbox) to Production.

--

> . Click tabs to configure application options.

Reviewer: I like this! No need to detail using an interface; we all know how to do this (even me)!

+
See <<Configure Application Settings>>.
. Click *Deploy Application*.
+
See <<Deployment Progress>>.

> 

Reviewer: Does the user really have to cross-refer to all these things during the steps of a task?
I'd rather see these gone or under Related Information or whatever we call it....

Author: It's information that's common to multiple deployment tasks. Do we duplicate it? Remove it?

== Deploy an Application from Studio

You can deploy your applications directly from Studio to CloudHub.

> This option is helpful if you want to deploy an application you're developing to an online test environment.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
This option is helpful if you want to test your application while developing it.
```

[NOTE]
--

> You can deploy an application from Studio to any environment in except *Design*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy an application from Studio to any environment except *Design*.
```
Or did you intend 
```suggestion
You can deploy an application in Studio to any environment except *Design*.
```

The *Design* environment is specific to applications created in Anypoint Design Center.
See xref:design-center::promote-app-prod-env-design-center.adoc[Deploy a Mule Application from Flow Designer].
--

To deploy from Studio to CloudHub:

. Open your application in Studio.
. In *Package Explorer*, right-click the project folder and select *Anypoint Platform > Deploy to CloudHub*.

> . If this is your first time deploying from Studio, provide your login credentials for Anypoint Platform at the prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If this is your first time deploying from Studio, provide your Anypoint Platform login credentials at the prompt.
```

+

> Studio stores your credentials and uses them the next time you deploy to CloudHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Studio stores your credentials for future use.
```

+

> You can manage these credentials by selecting *Anypoint Studio > Preferences > Anypoint Studio > Authentication*.

Reviewer: I would make this one paragraph by attaching it to the previous sentence.

+

> After you sign in, you see the *Deploying Application* page:

Reviewer: sign in vs. login credentials

Author: I don't understand the comment. The UI button is *Sign in*. Should we call them "signin credentials"?

Reviewer: Sorry: Line 95 uses "login credentials"
STET sign in; just wondering about login

+
.The screenshot shows (*1*) the *Application Name* field, (*2*) the *Deploy Application* button on the *Deploying Application* page.
image::cloudhub-deploy-app-studio.png[Application Name field and the Deploy Application button]

> . Change the application name, if necessary.

Reviewer: What would make this necessary, or is that obvious to your audience?

Author: It's obvious - the UI tells you if you can't use the name.

. Click tabs to configure application options.
+
See <<configure-application-settings,Configure Application Settings>>.
. Click *Deploy Application*.
+
See <<Deployment Progress>>.

> 

Reviewer: ditto re. cross-refs.

Author: See previous comment.

+
After you sign in, you see the *Deploying Application* page:
+
.The screenshot shows (*1*) the *Application Name* field, (*2*) the *Deploy Application* button on the *Deploying Application* page.
image::cloudhub-deploy-app-studio.png[Application Name field and the Deploy Application button]
. Change the application name, if necessary.
. Click tabs to configure application options.
+
See <<configure-application-settings,Configure Application Settings>>.
. Click *Deploy Application*.
+
See <<Deployment Progress>>.

When deployment is complete, the application status indicator changes to green, and you are notified in the status area that the application has deployed successfully. Here's what is in the logs:

----
Successfully deployed [mule application name]
----

[NOTE]
While you deploy an application on Mule runtime engine version 4.1.x and later, the xref:api-manager::gatekeeper.adoc#how-gatekeeper-works[Gatekeeper] mechanism works with xref:api-manager::api-auto-discovery-new-concept.adoc[API Autodiscovery] to help determine the readiness of a deployment. If Gatekeeper considers the application not ready in five minutes, then the deployment status is failed.

> == Deploy from CloudHub CLI

Reviewer: BREAK HERE

Reviewer: RESUME

+
Before you can take advantage of persistent queueing, you must set up your application to use queues.
+
See xref:cloudhub-fabric.adoc[Clustering].

Encrypt persistent queues::
If you enable persistent queues, you can optionally encrypt the data stored in the input queue on disk.
Use Object Store v2::
Object Store v2 is enabled by default in Mule 4.
In Mule 3, select this option to access Object Store v2.
+
See xref:object-store::index.adoc[Object Store V2].
Enable Monitoring and Visualizer::
Use Anypoint Monitoring and Visualizer for Mule applications running on supported versions of Mule.
+
This option appears only you if have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Monitoring enabled for your organization.
+
See xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring] and xref:visualizer::index.adoc[Anypoint Visualizer].

=== Autoscaling Tab Settings

Autoscaling enables you to define policies that respond to CPU or memory usage thresholds by scaling up or down the processing resources used by an application.

This tab doesn't appear by default.
See xref:autoscaling-in-cloudhub.adoc[Autoscaling in CloudHub] for information.

=== Properties Tab Settings

> You can specify properties (key-value pairs) that the application uses during deployment and while running in the *Properties* tab.

Reviewer: Does "while running in the tab" refer to "specify" or "application uses"?
I had a hard time parsing this, so it might need a tweak.

Author: 🤣

[NOTE]
When you deploy an application from a nonproduction environment (*Get from sandbox*), the new application inherits any properties defined in the original application.

> You can update these properties as required on the *Properties* tab before deploying the application.

Reviewer: Should we specifically call out the app name, since it must be unique in the cloud?

Author: I don't think so. You have to specify it in that use case. And this section is on Properties.

> See xref:cloudhub-manage-props.adoc[Managing Properties for Applications on CloudHub] and xref:secure-application-properties.adoc[Safely Hiding Application Properties].

Reviewer: I don't see anything in this topic about needing to hide properties...?

=== Insight Tab Settings

> You can enable the Insight analytics feature and specify metadata options on the *Insight* tab.

Reviewer: Should we add anything about WHY, or does "Insight analytics" speak for itself?

See xref:insight.adoc[Insight].

=== Logging Tab Settings

> CloudHub stores activity logs, which can be viewed or downloaded from Runtime Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudHub stores activity logs, which you can view or download from Runtime Manager.
```

Reviewer: Is it too obvious to list advantages to the audience?

See xref:viewing-log-data.adoc[Viewing Log Data].

You can configure the logging level (`DEBUG`, `WARN`, `ERROR`, or `INFO`) for the application on the *Logging* tab.

Alternatively, you can configure logging by modifying the `level` value in the `log4j2.xml` file.
See xref:mule-runtime::logging-in-mule.adoc#configuring-custom-logging-settings[Configuring Custom Logging Settings] and https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/manual/configuration.html[Apache Logging Services].

=== Static IPs Tab Settings

> You can allocate a static IP address for your application deployed in specific regions in the *Static IPs* tab.

Reviewer: Because of "specific regions in the *Static IPs* tab":
```suggestion
Use the *Static IPs* tab to allocate a static IP address when your application is deployed only in a specific region.
```
OR..."only in specific regions"?

> If an application has static IP addresses allocated in multiple regions, the static IP address is assigned when the application is deployed to that region.

Reviewer: Which region is "that region"?
I don't understand static addresses....

> You can pre-configure IP address rules for multiple regions for disaster recovery (DR) scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can preconfigure IP address rules for multiple regions for disaster recovery (DR) scenarios.
```

> If the application is already running, applying the static IP address change restarts the application with the newly applied static IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application is already running, applying the static IP address change restarts it using the newly applied static IP address.
```

By default, the number of static IP addresses allocated to your organization is equal 
to twice the number of production vCores in your subscription.
This number is displayed under the *Use Static IP* checkbox.

> If you need to free up some of your static IP allocations, you can release unused IP addresses from an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to free some of your static IP allocations, you can release unused IP addresses from an application.
```

> If you need to increase the quota, contact MuleSoft Support.

Reviewer: ...because "allocation" is used earlier:
```suggestion
If you need to increase your allocation of static IP addresses, contact MuleSoft Support.
```

== Worker Size and vCores 

> On each application, workers are responsible for executing the application logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application _workers_ are responsible for executing the application logic.
```
I think that this should be followed by worker sizes, and then mention "workers usage" so that it makes sense in terms of the size and memory consumed, followed by the statement about consuming Core availability.

Author: They're not called application workers elsewhere - just workers.

Only running applications count toward workers usage.

> Stopped applications do not consume vCore availability.

Reviewer: Suggest moving to follow table. Or, provide a transition between the definition of worker and the counting of usage against availability.

Worker sizes have different compute, memory, and storage capacities:

[%header,cols="3*a"]
|===
|Worker Size |Heap Memory | Storage 
|0.1 vCores |500 MB | 8 GB

> |0.2 vCores |1 GB | 8 GB

Reviewer: Is a fraction of 1 considered plural?

Author: It is in the UI...

|1 vCore |1.5 GB | 12 GB
|2 vCores |3.5 GB | 40 GB
|4 vCores |7.5 GB | 88 GB
|8 vCores |15 GB | 168 GB
|16 vCores |32 GB | 328 GB 
|===

> Workers with 0.1 vCores and 0.2 vCores:

Reviewer: ditto re. plural

> * Provide limited CPU and IO for smaller workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide limited CPU and I/O for smaller workloads
```

> * Have the ability to burst to higher CPU speeds for a short duration of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Can burst to higher CPU speeds for a short time
```

+

> This ability helps to improve application startup times and process infrequent large workloads.

Reviewer: Refers only to the second bullet?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ability helps to improve application startup times and to process infrequent, large workloads.
```

If you need consistent performance, use workers with more vCores.

> Workers with 1 vCore and larger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers with 1 or more vCores:
```

> * Provide performance consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide performance consistency
```

> * Are available only for Mule version 3.6.2 or later, or API gateway version 2.0.2 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Are available only for Mule version 3.6.2 or later, or API gateway version 2.0.2 or later
```

Each worker has a minimum of 8 GB of storage, which is used for both system and application storage.

> If your application requires more storage (for example, verbose logging), use a worker size of 2 vCores or larger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application requires more storage (for example, verbose logging), use a worker with two or more vCores, enabling the application to access the additional storage in `/tmp`.
```

> Those applications can access the additional storage in `/tmp`.

Reviewer: see above

> Depending on how many vCores are allocated to your account, some options might not be available.

Reviewer: "some options"?
I wonder if we need this sentence, if we alter the one following just a bit....

> If you select more vCores than are available in your account, CloudHub allows you to create the application, but you cannot start your application until the specified vCores are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your applications require more vCores than you are allocated, CloudHub allows you to create the application, but you cannot start it until the additional vCores become available.
```
...either through paused or disused apps or through allocation increase request to Support?

> == Change a Deployed Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Change Settings of a Deployed Application
```

> You can change most of the settings after deploying an application to CloudHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change most application settings after deploying an application to CloudHub.
```

> To edit the settings for an application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit the settings of a deployed application:
```

> . In the *Applications* tab, the application name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Applications* tab, select the application name.
```

. Click the *Settings* tab.
. Make your changes and click *Apply Changes*

CloudHub redeploys the application with zero downtime.

== Deployment Progress   

> CloudHub uploads your application and begins the deployment process, switching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When CloudHub uploads your application and begins deploying it, CloudHub switches its user interface
```

> the view to *Logs* so that you can monitor the deployment progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the *Logs* view so that you can monitor deployment progress.
```

> The application status indicator changes to yellow to indicate the deployment is in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application status indicator changes from green to yellow, indicating that the deployment is in progress.
```
Or does it change from red? This is first deployment or is this redeployment?

> When the deployment is complete, the application status indicator changes to green, a message

Reviewer: returns to green?

Reviewer: "green and a message...."

> appears in the status area and in the logs to indicate that the application has deployed successfully. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appears in the status area and in the logs to indicate that the application is successfully deployed. 
```

[NOTE]

> While you deploy an application on Mule runtime engine version 4.1.x and later, the xref:api-manager::gatekeeper.adoc#how-gatekeeper-works[Gatekeeper] mechanism works with xref:api-manager::api-auto-discovery-new-concept.adoc[API Autodiscovery] to help determine the readiness of a deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you deploy an application on Mule runtime engine version 4.1.x and later, the xref:api-manager::gatekeeper.adoc#how-gatekeeper-works[Gatekeeper] mechanism works with xref:api-manager::api-auto-discovery-new-concept.adoc[API autodiscovery] to help determine the readiness of a deployment.
```

Author: (No change)

> If Gatekeeper considers the application not ready in five minutes, the deployment status is failed.

Reviewer: "in five minutes" > within five minutes of deployment initiation?

Reviewer: "the deployment status is failed" > deployment fails [and the color changes to red and a message appears?]

> == Deployment Errors

Reviewer: Deployment Failure?

If an error occurs and the application cannot be deployed, the application status indicator

> changes to `Failed`, and the status area indicates that an error occurred.

Reviewer: Previous description of the status indicator referred to color, not a term?

Reviewer: How does "the status area indicate" the failure? Error message?

The logs include details on the application deployment errors.

== See Also

> * xref:managing-cloudhub-specific-settings.adoc[Managing CloudHub Specific Settings] 

Reviewer: I understand that correcting existing titles is probably not possible and I should likely STFU about these....
```suggestion
* xref:managing-cloudhub-specific-settings.adoc[Managing CloudHub-Specific Settings] 
```

* xref:managing-applications-on-cloudhub.adoc[Managing Applications on CloudHub]
* xref:monitoring.adoc[Monitoring Applications]
* xref:developing-applications-for-cloudhub.adoc[Developing Applications for CloudHub]

> * xref:anypoint-platform-cli.adoc[CloudHub Command Line Interface]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:anypoint-platform-cli.adoc[CloudHub Command-Line Interface]
```

├──────────────────────────────┼────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ Workers                      │ 1 vCore * 1                            │
----
+

> Once the app is deployed on CloudHub, you can view and manage it on Runtime Manager.

Reviewer: active and localization:
```suggestion
After you deploy the app on CloudHub, you can view and manage it on Runtime Manager.
```

> . If you want to stop the app from the command line, run the following command, replacing `app-name` with the deployment name of your app:

Reviewer: Is a "deployment name" a thing separate from just a plain ol' actual name of your app?

Author: Well, there's the name is Studio and the name when you deploy, so I guess?

+
`runtime-mgr cloudhub-application stop app-name`

To exit the command-line tool, press Ctrl+c twice.

For a complete list of the commands, see xref:anypoint-platform-cli.adoc[Anypoint Platform CLI].

== Move an Application from Sandbox to Production

If you create and test an application in a sandbox environment, you must move it to the 
production environment before deploying it.
You must have the CloudHub Admin role to move applications between environments.

> To avoid domain name conflict, an application with the same name cannot be deployed in two environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid domain name conflict, do not deploy an application under the same name in two environments simultaneously.
```

> at the same time.

Reviewer: see above

> You must modify the application name to deploy it to another environment.

Reviewer: ...or we could avoid all of this by rewording to...:

"To avoid domain name conflict, rename an application before you deploy it to a second active environment."

Reviewer: Plus...:
"Similarly, rename one copy of an application that you want to duplicate in a single environment."

Author: Actually, this is different.

There's the deployment name, which must be unique. And there's the filename. You can't deploy the same filename to an environment either.

Runtime Manager prevents you from duplicating applications in a single environment, so you cannot move an application into the environment it's already in.

> To deploy the same or similar application in a single environment, modify the filename of one application.

Reviewer: see above

To move an application from sandbox to production:

. Sign in to Anypoint Platform.

> . Select *Runtime Manager* and change to your production environment.

Reviewer: "change to your production environment": in what environment does RM start? Does the user navigate to production or switch to production from...design?

Author: "it depends"
The user defines their own default environment.

. In the *Applications* page, click *Deploy application*.
+
You see the *Deploy Application* page:
+
.The screenshot shows (*1*) the *Application Name* field, (*2*) the *Get from sandbox* button, and (*3*) the *Deploy Application* button on the *Deploy Application* page.
image::cloudhub-deploy-app-sandbox.png[Application Name field and Get from sandbox and Deploy Application buttons]

> . Provide a name for your application and click *Get from sandbox*:

Reviewer: "Provide a name": does this mean provide the name that the app has in the sandbox, or provide a new, unique name?

Reviewer: Ah, okay...:
```suggestion
. Provide a unique name by which your application will be identified in production, and click *Get from sandbox*.
```

+

> This button is available only if a non-production environment exists.

Reviewer: Why do we need to specify this? You wouldn't be moving something from sandbox if there were no sandbox, right?

Author: If someone reads the doc and it doesn't match the UI...?

> . Select your sandbox environment and select the application to move to production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select your sandbox environment and then the application that you want to move to production.
```

+

> Only applications that are deployed to CloudHub appear in the list.

Reviewer: If an application is already deployed, why would it still be listed in the sandbox?

Author: You can deploy apps to your servers (i.e., not CloudHub).

Author: If I understand your question....You deploy an app to different environments, including Production and Sandbox...it's not just deploying if it's Production.

> You can promote only applications deployed to CloudHub to run on other CloudHub workers.

Reviewer: Okay, I'm lost. I thought that this task was an application move from sandbox (testing) to production (deployment).
But the previous two sentence imply rather moving an app already deployed somewhere in CloudHub (not in sandbox?) to somewhere else in CloudHub?

Author: Yes. Deployment isn't just for Production!

Maybe the confusion is that there are also different "servers" - CloudHub or Hybrid....

> . If you want to copy the environment variables and Mule version from the source application, select *Merge environment variables and mule version*.

Reviewer: Is the source application in the sandbox or deployed somewhere else in CloudHub?
My confusion continues to be reconciling source/sandbox/testing and destination/production/deployed.

Reviewer: If I am misunderstanding this, you will know what to do to make it more clear, without me figuring out how to do that!

. Click *Apply*.
. Click tabs to configure application options.
+
See <<configure-application-settings,Configure Application Settings>>.
. Click *Deploy Application*.
+

> See <<Deployment Progress>>.

Reviewer: ditto re. xrefs. in steps
GLOBAL; I will stop commenting

== Application Names 

> The application name identifies your application in Runtime Manager and also used for the 

Reviewer: Is this the "deployment application name"? Can we avoid variations? app name=deployment app name=public app name?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application name identifies your application not only in Runtime Manager but also in the public `cloudhub.io` domain.
```

> public application name in the `cloudhub.io` domain.

Reviewer: see above

> For example, an application named `myapplication` is accessible at `+http://myapplication.cloudhub.io+`.

Reviewer: Not sure this is nec.

Reviewer: This is already in the Move an Application text; do we need it (fully explained) in both locations?
Can we say something about a name having to be unique not only across all of cloudhub.io (external environments) but also among your internal environments?

Author: It's not there, though. I think the churn might have confused.

The application name must be globally unique across CloudHub to avoid domain conflicts.

> Runtime Manager prevents you from choosing a name that is already in use.

Reviewer: "Because the application name must be globally unique across CloudHub to avoid domain conflicts, Runtime Manager prevents you from choosing a name that is already in use."

Reviewer: Does Runtime Manager know what is being used all across cloudhub.io?

Author: I believe so.

To avoid domain conflicts, create a naming convention for your applications, such as adding a prefix to 
your applications: `mycompany-mydept-myapplication`.
You can then add DNS records to hide this complex application name.

> For example, you can route requests to `myapplication.mycompany.com` to `mycompany-mydept-myapplication.cloudhub.io`.

Reviewer: This para seems a bit choppy to me. 
It repeats the thing about avoiding domain conflicts.
It makes its unique point about having a naming convention that enables you to group apps but also make them distinct. Good. Although that prefix is longer than the root, which is not something I typically expect of a prefix.
Then it makes another unique point about hiding the complex name by using DNS records. Good.
But the example does not make sense to me: how does that "simple" name route to the complex one, when the elements are not in the same order in each?

Author: Re: example - the point is that the DNS record maps the hierarchical name to something that people typically access apps at (blah.company.com).

I just tested - RTM doesn't ensure unique names!
Clarified.

> With the CloudHub dedicated load balancer, you can optionally implement mapping rules to set your application's public URL to any other path, as long as you own the domain.

Reviewer: Is this restating what the DNS records do?

Reviewer: ...and is this part of avoiding duplicate names?

Author: No and no.
The DLB does the mapping between internal and external.

See xref:lb-mapping-rules.adoc[Mapping Rules].

The application name can contain between 3 and 42 alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) and dashes (-).
They cannot contain spaces or other characters.

== Configure Application Settings 

You can configure the application deployment by clicking the tabs on the *Deploy Application* page:

.The arrow shows the configuration tabs on the *Deploy Application* page.
image::cloudhub-deploy-app-config-tabs.png[Configuration tabs on the Deploy Application page]

* <<Runtime>>
* <<Autoscaling>>
* <<Properties>>
* <<Insight>>
* <<Logging>>
* <<Static IPs>>

> === Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Runtime Tab Content
```
OR
```suggestion
=== Runtime Tab Settings
```
Suggest for each of the tab-name subtitles

Reviewer: Oops...the other tabs aren't described?

The *Runtime* tab includes the following settings:

Runtime version::
The runtime version must be the same Mule version used to develop your application.
+

> Once the app is deployed, CloudHub automatically alerts you when updates for the selected runtime version are available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you deploy the app, CloudHub automatically alerts you when updates for the selected runtime version are available. 
```

See xref::cloudhub-app-runtime-version-updates.adoc[Updating the Runtime Version for CloudHub Apps].

Worker size::
See <<Worker Size and vCores>>.
Workers::

> When deploying an application with more than one worker, CloudHub automatically balances any incoming traffic load across your allocated workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you deploy an application with more than one worker, CloudHub automatically balances any incoming traffic load across your allocated workers.
```

See xref:cloudhub-fabric.adoc[Clustering].

Region::

> If you have global deployment enabled on your account, you can change the region to deploy your application to.

Reviewer: Is this the same?
```suggestion
If you have global deployment enabled on your account, you can change the deployment region.
```

+
When you change the region, the domain is automatically updated. 
+
See xref:cloudhub-networking-guide.adoc#regional-services[Regional Services]. 

Automatically restart application when not responding::

> CloudHub automatically restarts your application when the monitoring system discovers a problem with your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudHub automatically restarts your application when the monitoring system discovers an issue.
```

+
See xref:worker-monitoring.adoc[Application Monitoring and Automatic Restarts].
Persistent queues::
+
You can use persistent queues on your application to store data in an input queue to disk.
Persistent queues protect against message loss and enable you to distribute workloads across a set of workers.
+
See xref:managing-queues.adoc[Managing Queues].
+
Before you can take advantage of persistent queueing, you must set up your application to use queues.
+
See xref:cloudhub-fabric.adoc[Clustering].

Encrypt persistent queues::
If you enable persistent queues, you can optionally encrypt the data stored in the input queue on disk.
Use Object Store v2::
Object Store v2 is enabled by default in Mule 4.
In Mule 3, select this option to access Object Store v2.
+
See xref:object-store::index.adoc[Object Store V2].
Enable Monitoring and Visualizer::
Use Anypoint Monitoring and Visualizer for Mule applications running on supported versions of Mule.
+

> This option appears only you if have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Monitoring and it is enabled for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option appears only you if have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Monitoring enabled for your organization.
```

Reviewer: BREAK 2

your applications: `mycompany-mydept-myapplication`.
You can then add DNS records to hide this complex application name.
For example, you can route requests to `myapplication.mycompany.com` to `mycompany-mydept-myapplication.cloudhub.io`.

With the CloudHub dedicated load balancer, you can optionally implement mapping rules to set your application's public URL to any other path, as long as you own the domain.
See xref:lb-mapping-rules.adoc[Mapping Rules].

The application name can contain between 3 and 42 alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) and dashes (-).
They cannot contain spaces or other characters.

== Configure Application Settings 

You can configure the application deployment by clicking the tabs on the *Deploy Application* page:

.The arrow shows the configuration tabs on the *Deploy Application* page.
image::cloudhub-deploy-app-config-tabs.png[Configuration tabs on the Deploy Application page]

* <<Runtime>>
* <<Autoscaling>>
* <<Properties>>
* <<Insight>>
* <<Logging>>
* <<Static IPs>>

=== Runtime

The *Runtime* tab includes the following settings:

Runtime version::

> The runtime version must the same Mule version used to develop your application.

Reviewer 2: must be?

+
Once the app is deployed, CloudHub automatically alerts you when updates for the selected runtime version are available. 
See xref::cloudhub-app-runtime-version-updates.adoc[Updating the Runtime Version for CloudHub Apps].

Worker size::
See <<Worker Size and vCores>>.
Workers::
When deploying an application with more than one worker, CloudHub automatically balances any incoming traffic load across your allocated workers.
See xref:cloudhub-fabric.adoc[Clustering].

Region::
If you have global deployment enabled on your account, you can change the region to deploy your application to.
+
--
* For applications deployed to Europe, the domain is automatically updated to `+http://myapplicationdomain.eu.cloudhub.io+`

> * For applications deployed to Asia-Pacific, the domain is automatically updated to `+http://myapplicationdomain.au.cloudhub.io+`

Reviewer 2: Those domain updates only applies to a few cases. In most cases, the domain will automatically be updated whenever an application is moved to another region based on the mapping in this region-dns record table https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/cloudhub-networking-guide#regional-services
